>> There is a sentence that
keeps repeating in my head,
you are here to remember.
Several of my memories are
from roughly 12,000 years ago
when I walked on
initiatic path as a woman
through the land of Kem,
which is now known as Egypt.
I have been weaving those
lessons into this life
as I work with the planet.
Eight years ago, I was guided
to the island of Great Britain
by the spirit of a Wise
Merlin from the Druid culture.
And he led my journey through
the ancient stone circle
to help me understand the
importance of the initiative
path in the land
known in ancient times
as Avalon, the
Land of the Apples.
Now through the channel wisdom
of several ancient Merlins.
Your wound is your forgotten
state of constant freedom.
Expand your hearts
releasing your new power.
We will guide 45 people along
this ancient initiatic path.
Bring your true
self from the land.
And help heal wounds
within themselves.
Let it explode in your heart.
And reconnect with the
hidden power of this land.
All initiatic journeys are
designed to be remembered.
The past year 2022 for me
was the key of everything.
And it was like the summary
of a whole path of my life
and the beginning of a new one.
So what I lived and
experienced that year
was like everything that
I was expecting for.
Everything that I was
waiting for so long.
The year 2022 for me represented
the end of 12,000 years of task
and the beginning of a
new 12,000 years of task.
I was very anxious on
how to live that year
and how the gatherings and
the activations would be.
So after the path of the Dragon,
the path that I took around
the consciousness of North
America, which was Utah,
I finished many
internal processes,
I had to wrap many
of the tasks that I
did with some of the people.
I started to locate myself
in a new way of thinking
on how everything would be.
And I basically understood the
purpose of the people around me
who should be with
me doing my path,
the purpose of the gatherings.
And so for the next months
after I left the states,
I started to work in the
organization for everything that
would be the gathering
in Egypt 2022.
The gathering in Egypt for
me was something unexpected
because I thought it
would be something,
but it actually was even more.
I thought less people would go.
It would be much more difficult
because Egypt is very difficult
to organize something like
an activation of the pyramids
with thousands of people.
But everyone was helping.
Everyone was open to make it
possible, to make it happen.
We were as much respectful
as we could with the people
that actually today live in
Egypt asking all the permissions
to do everything that
we were about to do.
And I know anyone
could go to Egypt.
But for what we were
about to do in the context
that we were doing
it, a lot of people
were scared of going
or not because it's
a complicated country, and
even more for spiritual people.
But actually we were
received very well as family.
And the country opened their
doors for us to do that.
When we opened this
space for the gathering,
people from all
over the world came.
It was, of course, the
last week of February.
It was during winter.
But it was very hot even though
and we organized everything
in front of the pyramids.
The idea was to work in each
one of the Platonic solids
every day.
So the idea was for each
one of us representing
one of those structures.
So we divided it in five groups
for each one of the five solids.
And during the activations,
each one of them
were creating an aspect
of that geometry.
So we were all
representing specifically
something dividing
in groups related
to the frequency of the words.
So it was not just a
gathering to go and experience
and me talking.
It was like every person had
a specific task to accomplish.
And if someone was
missing, we immediately
needed to find someone
to go in its place
because it was not about
coming to an event.
It was about let's
form geometry.
So we needed the
specific nodes and lines
to connect every step
of the information.
And nobody could be
missed inside the pyramid.
Everyone needed to be
represented because everyone
was representing a node, a
frequency, and a geometry.
So the idea during those days
was to become the elements,
become the geometry,
and activate
that inside of the pyramid.
And the amazing
thing that happened
was that when the
event was starting,
I was waiting in my room
for them to call me.
But suddenly, I was
watching through the window.
And this wind comes and
starts to blow everything.
It starts to be cloudy and dark.
The wind came so
hard that it changed
the temperature of everything.
And it blew the gate that we
have created for the event.
It blew it and closed the
doors so nobody could get in.
So it was like the meaning of--
we just started, this
is the beginning.
And I couldn't handle myself
and I run to the event.
And everyone was trying to cover
because it started to rain.
And it rained a lot.
And it was like even
flooding in some parts.
So I was running in
between the people
like go move inside the dance
and jump and receive the water.
It's a blessing Egypt.
It's like never rains here.
So you have to receive the
elements because we came here
to become the elements.
And they all came together.
It was like a dust storm
with lightnings on the back
and the wind and the rain.
So the beginning
was perfect, like it
was all the elements
dancing with us together
and we celebrated all together.
And it got cold.
Everything was wet.
Everything was totally
different from Egypt.
So when we started with the
whole event, the sun came up
and it was sunny every day.
So it was like the entrance of
the elements into our meeting...
for them actually.
That was a very nice
confirmation of our task.
Since that day, we started to
enter the pyramid every night.
1,500 people, 100 people every
two hours entering the pyramid.
And I slept for three or four
nights inside the pyramid
waiting for a group to enter.
We activated the
information, they went away,
and I received the others.
He was a very powerful--
very powerful activation
of uploading the
information that we
have been receiving during 2020,
2021, uploading it to the net.
And for me, it was like this
task of accomplishing the rising
energy of everything
that was under the soil,
under the stones
in the territory,
and put it all up again.
So expand.
We ended the event in
front of the Great Sphinx.
Around 2,000 people
around the Great Sphinx.
And we all received the sunrise
of this new beginning for us.
And the magical thing was that
the constellation of Aquarius
was right behind the
sun as it was rising.
And the constellation
of Leo was exactly
behind the lion,
the Great Sphinx.
So it was like a
reflection of that story
that I wanted to close.
It was the perfect
balancing of everything
that I was talking about.
And I had no idea that, that
alignment was happening exactly
in that moment when we
finished everything.
So that moment when
I saw 2,000 people
that went there not just for
me or because I invited them,
but because they were
feeling that they
needed to close something, and
that they needed to be there.
For me, it was very special
because when I was 12 years old,
the image was me and my husband
in front of the Great Sphinx
saying, how can I bring
all these people back?
How can I call them to say
we did it and we will start
a new cycle and here we are in
order to begin something new,
so that they happen.
And we were thousands
of people doing exactly
that what I was worried about
when I was 12 years old.
So it was actually very cool.
And after that, we
said, OK, this is over.
But of course, I
was 34 years old.
So I was like, it can't be over,
like there must be more things.
And suddenly we realized that
it was '22, the year was '22.
And it meant 11
years from our first
gathering 11, 11 in Argentina.
So we started thinking maybe
we have to make the third.
So 11, 11, 11.
And that should
also wrap the task.
So we, immediately
after Egypt, started
to organize the
11, 11 Argentina.
And we created exactly a mirror
event of what happened in Egypt.
We wanted to manifest it in
Argentina in Capilla Del Monte,
like every gathering
we did before.
The thing was that in Argentina,
we didn't have a pyramid.
So I said if in Egypt
the energy goes up
towards the masculine
energy, so we
have to make it in with the
feminine energy in the South.
So we created a dome.
We did a dome in a holy site for
the Henia-Kamiare tribe that was
inside the place of the event.
So we asked for permission.
And there was like
a circle of water,
and we created this dome
with all mirrors inside.
So it reflected everything that
happened inside with the lights.
We call it the Hall of Mirrors,
because the underground city
that is there, Eryx is usually
called the Hall of Mirrors.
So I wanted to manifest
that a little bit at least.
We only had three
months to make it.
But the essence of that.
And to also use a
sacred place with water,
like it was in Egypt, to
download all this information
in this dome of mirrors.
So we divided the
groups exactly the same.
We did exactly the
same task every day
activating one of
the information.
And we brought
Egypt to Argentina.
There was a very old story
of a prophet in Argentina
called Parravicini.
He had many messages
about Egypt in Argentina.
He was an artist.
So he painted all
these messages that he
was receiving from aliens and
other dimensions in early 30s.
He put a series of channelings
that he did for many things that
would happen in the future.
And many of the
messages there were
about Egypt coming to
Argentina, Egypt being
downloaded in Argentina.
The voices of Egypt will be
spoken in Argentina, the singing
and everything.
So these stories encourage
us to say we have to do that.
We have to bring that
information here.
What was amazing
is that every day,
it was a beautiful day
with sun, very hot.
And the last day with
the last activation,
the opposite to
Egypt, the storm came.
And it was not only
a rain, it was hail.
And ice everywhere.
I said we need to bring the
ice for the information.
So the last night for
the last activation,
it was rain, hail, blue
lightnings all around.
It was so powerful what
happened with this activation.
The crazy thing is
that 5,000 people,
we were dancing, running,
doing activities in this land.
So it's like a concert.
It's like you step on the grass
and everything gets like dirt.
But the magical thing was
that after that next day,
instead of just being like
nothing, it was all green.
But not only that.
It started to blossom
everywhere white lilies.
And the white lily is
the flower of Egypt.
The whole land where people were
stepping on, right the next day,
it was all white lilies.
And looked into the internet,
which type of flower
is this one?
And said Egyptian lily.
So it was like magical.
It was incredible
what happened and we
were taking pictures to look.
It's like a confirmation.
It hailed, rained,
people running.
The whole mess of
an organization.
And suddenly the next day,
it was a beautiful place
like if nothing happened the day
before all blossomed in white.
And it was beautiful.
After the 11, 11
was robbed, what
I felt was that the
whole idea of everything
that I had to do for 2022,
which was what my guides have
been preparing me for 22 years.
It finished.
And it was perfect.
But suddenly in a personal
level, all the things
that I have been creating
in the past 11 years,
suddenly they all disappear.
The foundation, the work
that we have been doing,
everything was like the
energy disappeared from there.
There have been
many inner conflicts
due to everything that
happened in 2022 that made
me think this is a total reset.
I had to take tough decisions
related to everything
that I have been doing.
And to say next year, we
will start from zero again.
And everything that we have
been building until now
was for 2022 with the
energy that we had in 2011.
And what I felt was that all
the people that we were engaged
into that task that had
to be done in that year,
we all signed up
for a new cycle.
A new cycle that in this time
wouldn't be karmic or saying we
have to do it,
otherwise we would
lost something or whatever.
No.
We sign up for this
saying, we want
to be part of something
different, of something new,
and create a new idea
that could make us
transcend in a different way.
So I decided to
create everything
with a totally different energy.
And to manifest new things
according to the new process.
Now it's like I'm free to
create my mission, my purpose,
everything that I know
that I have to do,
but without the weight
of 12,000 years.
What could have been
horrible of ending everything
for me was like perfect.
It was amazing because
everything ends in order
for something new to begin.
And that's how I felt
when 2023 started.